REFLECTION #2.1 - What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

			This is what gets git involved... without initializing, there is no version-control.

REFLECTION #2.2 - How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

			The staging area is an intermediary location or flag of some sort (probably inside the /.git directory) that tells git to track changes inside files. The working directory is where those changes are made. The repository is where those changes are ultimately tracked.

	
HIERARCHY IN REPOS

	1) Working Directory (what you're doing)
	2) Staging Area (what you want to commit)
	3) Commit 1 (most recent commit)
	4) Commit xyz (old commits)


REFLECTION #2.3 - How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

			a) If you have made changes in multiple files for different reasons, 'git add' only the ones that correspond to a particular logical change.
			b) Again, more control means more thoughtful actions, so more tracking and mental purpose when saving.
			c) Also, even though you might make a change after staging, you can decide to commit without updating the staging area, since you may decide that the current changes belong to a separate 'logical change'.

REFLECTION #2.4 - What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

			branches are good for any new idea or thought (or context) and allow you to be more free with your creativity

REFLECTION #2.5 - How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

			that is kind of like asking how do those teeth help you chew food? that's what they do... and the diagrams are for helping one visualize the branch structure

REFLECTION #2.6 - What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

			the result is a single branch where all the changes committed are represented

			the diagram just clearly shows the history a little plainer... though it does not coincide with git's display in the CLI... it does represent the full functionality of git

REFLECTION #2.7 - What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

			time saved == efficiency == $$$ and fun

